# Orientation task 2
## 1. Why does an arrival event need to generate a new arrival event? b) Which event should be generated by the start of the service?
- Why does the arrival event need to generate a new arrival event?
  - Arrival event is categorized as B type event, which is bound or booked event. This type of event are state changes that are scheduled to occur at a point in time, or the same state change will happen after a certain interval. For example, in the case of this assignment, which is a call center, call X arrival happens approximately every 5 minutes is considered of such type. The reason is for this is that this event will definitely happen along axis of time, which happens every 5 minutes. So the arrival of call X1 at t=0 will trigger/create a arrival of call X2 at t=5, and more will happen after. 
- Which event should be generated by the started of the service?
  - Before the start service, a contidition type event (C type) is executed. if such event is executed successfully, then a finish event, or B type event will be created. Let use the Call Center situation. After a X1 called is arrived and enter the queue for served. this will create C type event, which can only be triggered when a certain condition is met. In this case, the condition are there is call in queue and the router is idle. Since such conditions are meet since X1 is a first call in the queue and the router is currently idle, C1 is triggered. Which start the routing service. When C1 ix excuted or an activity just start, as it would take a certain amount of time to complete, a B type event is created to demonstrate the time and event which will happen at that time. In the example, since call X1 is arrival at t=0, and the condition is met, routing service is start and it took 1 minute to complete it, so at t=1, the route service is completed/finished/served which is B type event. In short, a B type event is generated to handle the finish of the service.

## 4. Continue with the three-phase simulation example (section Telephone call centre example: hand simulation) until one client of client type Y exits the system. Return your solution as an attachment to the solution of this exercise.
